chore: Remove references to VDM and pregenerated clients from text (#1014)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/guides/upgrade-to-version-2.mdx

To access an entity, you need to import the service and destructure the API class objects.
To do so, first update the imports following the steps:

- Replace the entity imports with the service import.

>   In most cases, the service name can be inferred from the npm package itself, i.e., everything after `@sap/cloud-sdk-vdm-` in camelCase. E.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, the service name can be inferred from the npm package itself, i.e., everything after `@sap/cloud-sdk-vdm-` in camelCase. E.g.:
```
